Jim Leblanc has been banned and in this
game it's found its way all the way
around to the light orders to hit that
glacial fissure and enhance their push
everyone away amazing also with us or
paths still on Rex Leigh the older
belper of warrior which gives him more
damage which if he goes in on this gang
no flash on car scheme have a lot of
damage though comes out of the knock up
as well I expect a nosey doesn't have
flash that's burst blood goes over to
origin great time gank day in the middle
lane out of origin and I'm origin
looking to dive on top of an irelia who
this early into the game has to back
away from this tower most using so much
trouble didn't even decide to back off
he just didn't have the clarity and now
there's four people on top of him they
got the second key of origin to in the
bag already in Kyrie cannot do anything
at this situation favor of origin now
that top tower could come back to bite
origin quite spectacularly if they don't
shut down the split pusher of more sooo
they can look at this item build now has
gone for the the makings of a righteous
glory it could be the next item for him
meanwhile amazing is still any enemy
jungle we talked about this before X
packing now comes in from the mid lane
there's the teleporting saw us here's a
splash once again there's the kill from
coscu or onto koski rather as he backs
off as a one-to-one onto the
journalizing cost you won't take down
from the ignite make that a two-for-one
for origin they'll be happy that they
got the you know some gold oh but it's
an ultimate out yeah completely wish
though right between the goal posts does
the less he follows up the damage gets
the big one unjust hope it was the right
time it will be amazing securing the
dragon taking that first of the game as
a Kazakh you within killing range for X
Beckett yeah you do not want to because
cute in this matchup right now it is so
difficult to here comes Ellis is not
good vibe right he exploded and it's and
out of the returned damage from the
tower and facilities burst may be enough
to take down amazing that's actually
found himself in the middle in now just
getting fun this is what Morse who does
bottom line isn't done yet there's the
flash that's the spirit doesn't quite
Landon turns around the disparate the
teleport from so as how much damage can
he deal he comes out with a twisted fast
locks him down just a matter of how
colinas is going to be with the Newman
bounce always takes how Niels but both
of the boleyn is
origins of ice go free another teleport
usage data so as and another involve me
in the kill flash from Orson he will be
jumping away as the distortion pad cost
you is going to be camping it comes away
with a spare rush dirt and dip the dips
and die sins of the towel almost had to
repeat a wheat 10 has a pink so he knows
it's not water from cars cute he's not
really in range to get too much done of
course there's a flash low right for a
Miffy and the knock up as well that was
just so incredibly well work from origin
it's exactly what they needed to do up
to that messy period of play you get a
very clean kill you take a turret and
now you reset yourselves look for other
objectives now they have to stop more
soot from free farming for a while again
he's way up in CS on so as and he
started this game off fairly badly
hybrids little bit caught out there
vicario mother's the arcane smash right
into his team of lil but more damage
reveals will be enough to finish him up
hybrid has one or two away from death
himself just cause you're a seeker from
downtown amazing comes up big there's
little objectives to get themselves back
in the game however origin are closing
in from the sidelines they may find
carry in retreat the spear comes out
Miffy trying to get in lane will be
using that Speed Post rind as the on the
hunt as well gets the heel down there's
the Ignite will be jumping over the wall
have a tip is to follow up as well
there's the kill on to the retreating
literally Morse who will be using the
teleport to get awake an amazing journey
yet she can I will be walking the dog
trying to kill this irelia they just
need to get in range now there's the
flash room nails just a secure the kill
making sure more soup does not execute
but he's wasting the time of four
players now he jumps in now we try to
get the damage on to pack a not going to
be quite enough Tiffin while so as we
find cars cue and the topside great Juke
away from the charm won't be mitigating
a bit of that damage and Kasich you
users as ultimate I'm not sure how much
you can do against so as he jumps
underneath the turrets a little bit
scary here comes the arcades much as
well in Tudor it takes one more towers
yaad amazing now comes into the top side
of the map now in with the shield block
as well he'll
right underneath it he'll take down the
re regardless and sellers would be
getting all of his health back with the
SAT magic now looking for another knock
oh it's just a matter of time before the
queen of the Circe I picks up Brom it's
not matter how big your heart is she
will eventually catch up to you or not
possible but look at the copenhagen
wolves converging here they now know
that something is up can they get here
in time we close to require a steal from
Kyrie flowers no the last room tippers
though and we'll be getting the stunt
animals who now in the pit but he's not
the one with the smite carry as the one
we're treating Becky is harm / soon
however there's thus the store there's
one that's two there's the kill hybrid
now as well with the lockdown 3 and 0
double kill 4 pack a procedure coming
across a little more poke expecting with
the 12 again with the ultimate chart
cause 2 uses his own ultimate in
response there's the chains connecting
another winters my father's free with
the John labs on to pack a looking for
more Kyrie jumps at the front light he's
not at I know he's a can he goes down
visibility and more sue backing away
from the fight they lose the jungler but
origin are fairly chunked and he have a
big amount of gold that they want to be
spending the alt will move on to this
bottom inhibitor as well it's getting to
the point where they need to start
thinking about the second game from the
wolves a lot of people from origin
already making their way in all though
so us hasn't joined the fight yet hybrid
he's gonna drop yeah between a rock and
a and x-pac a but to get away from these
felons vicinity but a lot of damage from
also jumping you with the blade search
will be chasing down the the clone war
bear the neighbors be following through
again with the damage caused cue from
the pot I try to get the damage out but
he's locked down by so as always ready
to God's teammate Kyra walk the damage
from neil's the return swing from the
boomerang more this will be the third of
the game this is for vessels treato
because so ours managed to interrupt the
teleports from two other carries in the
mid lane the question of whether sellers
will go down and have his first half of
the game in fact nut that's not the case
it just too tanky an hybrid will get
chained here it's not the first Nexus
turret going down origin might just
close up this game here
now here comes the second Nexus turret
he'll be moving on to the next in itself
how much can more co2 I don't mean they
can do very much they're just so far
behind in this game an origin will be
taking the first game of this series
ended best-of-five a great performance
out of origin not showing any kind of
nerves here on the stage that's exactly
what you'd expect